Lightship Chartering Chart OSL <chart.osl@lightshipchartering.com>
Ac Hydro - 15,000mt - Chalmette / Vila Do Conde - Laycan 30th April-05 May
FRM: LIGHTSHIP CHARTERING, OSLO,  WWW.LIGHTSHIPCHARTERING.COM

 

From Hydro Aluminium AS, Oslo - Norway

 

On behalf of Aluminio Brasileiro (Albras), Hydro is open with following firm cargo:

 

For any possible candidates, pls. provide full chain of control/ownership

 

1.       Abt. 15,000 mt - 5 pct. more or less in charterer's option – Calcined Pet Coke in Bulk

 

2.       Chalmette, US – Rain CII/Vila do Conde, Brasil

 

3.       Lay/can: 30 April - 05 May 2017 - Pls advise ETA Chalmette (preferred arrival early in laycan):

 

4.       Target date for arrival VdC: 15 May - Pls advise steaming and best ETA VdC:

 

5.       Albras prefers a geared vessel able to maintain high speed throughout the voyage. Please advise gear status and max realistic avg. speed for this shipment.

 

6.       FIOT

 

7.       Freight payable on intaken Bs/l quantity within 10 Brazilian banking days after signing Bill of lading

 

8.       12 total ww days shinc  for loading and discharging - local holidays excluded unless used, in which case only actual time used to count as lay time. 

Any time for loading before commencement of laytime not to count even if used.

 

9.       Despatch to be paid at agreed demurrage rate for any working time saved both ends.

 

10.   Carrier has the option to take other part cargoes, but Hydro’s cargo always to be loaded “Last In” and discharged “First Out” (LIFO).

 

11.   Both full and part cargo workable, but in case part cargo, Hydro needs to know performing vessels itinerary, schedule and combination(s) as well as estimated/realistic transit time required from Chalmette together with intended loading/disch. rotation.

 

12.   Any partcargo to be harmless, dust free, properly and water tight separated from the pet coke (preferably with bulkheads/tween decks)

 

13.   Any laytime used during discharging in Vila do Conde to remove any part cargo which eventually is top-stowed on tweendeck or on weather deck and needs to be removed prior commencement of unloading of the ingots to be for owners account and not to count as laytime.

 

14.   Owners shall be liable for any direct damages, costs and losses (including but not limited to extra costs for warehousing, storage and hiring another Vessel) that are due to the Vessel not being ready to load (whether in berth or not) within the agreed cancelling date - irrespective of whether or not Charterers exercise their option to cancel the Vessel - provided however that the delay is due to Owners or those for whom the Owners are responsible.

 

15.   Freight based on Bill of Lading weight.

 

16.   O'wise basis HYDROCHARTER 2017 (as attached) - subject further terms/details to be agreed upon. 

 

- NIl adcom, ttl 1.25% Lightship Oslo 

 

 

Charterers' nominated agents both ends:

 

Chalmette:

Gulf Inland Marine Services Inc.

P.O.Box 730

1208 S.Penn, Bldg 3, Ste 2

Gonzales, LA 70707-0730

Telephone: 225 647 2770

Fax: 225 647 2778

E-mail address: gulfinland@aol.com<mailto:gulfinland@aol.com <mailto:gulfinland@aol.com%3cmailto:gulfinland@aol.com> >

 

Vila Do Conde:

Serveporto - General Port Services, Vila do Conde Operations Department

Phone: (55) 91 9156 0551/Mobile: 8801-8942

Phone/Fax: (55) 91 3754-0789

E-mail: serveporto@serveporto.com.br<mailto:serveporto@serveporto.com.br <mailto:serveporto@serveporto.com.br%3cmailto:serveporto@serveporto.com.br> >

Otherwise terms/conditions as per Hydro C/P version SS-02

 

ADDITIONAL CLAUSES TO APPLY

 

Piracy Clause

 

Any vessel(s) performing under this Agreement shall comply with the all existing UN, International (IMO), National(flag state) standards incl. ISM/ISSC/ISPS and all ships shall be entered with a P&I Club being a member of the International Group of P&I Clubs.

Name of P & I Club: ………………………………………………………………..

 

For any vessel(s) which may enter or transit areas in risk of piracy such compliance shall include implementation of, and documentation of implementation, relevant international recognised standards, best management practices and recommendations on appropriate self protection measures to avoid, deter or delay acts of piracy, including the Best Management Practices to Avoid, Delay or Deter Piracy in the Gulf of Aden and off the Coast of Somalia, issued by the UN Contact Group on Piracy as amended from time to time (latest version, version 3).  The owners shall be liable to and hold Hydro (as the case may be) harmless against all liabilities, costs, expenses, damage or losses suffered or incurred by it in connection with non-compliance with this provision.

 

 

Hydro's CSR clause

 

The Carrier undertakes that in the performance of this Agreement it shall respect the protection of human rights and internationally accepted labour standards, it shall not use child or forced labour or discriminate in respect of employment, it shall avoid conflicts of interest and respect the environment.  The Carrier undertakes that it will not make, offer or authorise any undue payment, gift, promise or other undue advantage, in relation to the Carrier, whether directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any public official, third party or personnel of Hydro in order to obtain or retain business.

 

Sanctions clause

 

The Carrier warrants and guarantees that it and the services supplied hereunder is not prohibited by or exposed to any sanctions or prohibitions imposed by any State, Supranational or International Governmental Organisation. If the Carrier or the services supplied hereunder is subsequently prohibited or exposed to any such sanctions Hydro shall be entitled to immediately suspend or terminate this Agreement and shall not be liable to make any payments in contradiction to such sanctions or prohibitions.

 

OFAC clause

 

Performing vessel(s) always to be in conformity with applicable United States law and United Nations proclamations prohibiting certain flags/ownership/management from participating in trade covered by this charter, including restrictions imposed by the US Treasury Department, Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the US Commerce Department, Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) ) and United Nations proclamations prohibiting certain flag/ownership/management from participating in trade covered by this charter. Owners responsible for all cost/consequences if in violation of this warranty.

 

 

Freight beneficiary of this charter party

 

If freight beneficiary is different than the owners/disponent owners of the vessel, then “written declaration/no objection letter” from head owners/disponent owners to be asked for charterers paying the freight to the nominated “freight beneficiary” in accordance with ofac clause which is as incorporated in the charter party.

 

 

Free of obligation

 

Owners guarantee the vessel is free from any obligation, encumbrance, claim or lien, of a financial nature or otherwise, that would interfere in any way with the vessel's performance of this voyage and/or the delivery of the cargo with the utmost despatch. In the event the vessel/ cargo is liened or arrested during the currency of this charter party (or after completion of discharge in respect of the cargo) the owners are to take immediate action to release vessel/cargo from any such lien or arrest and to remain fully responsible for the cost or damages caused as a result of any lien or arrest or interruption of the vessel’s performance under this charter party.                 

 

 

Await your firm offer of suitable candidates in safe/predictable position (from financially sound owners/operators) able to comply with the required specifications/demands stipulated above.

 

 

SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT

1 Carrier shall, throughout the term of the Contract, ensure that it complies with the principles set out in Buyer’s Supplier Code of Conduct (a copy of which is attached). Furthermore, Carrier shall actively promote the principles set out in Buyer’s Supplier Code of Conduct with its own suppliers/contractors and sub-suppliers/subcontractors of any tier that have a material contribution to the supply of the Deliverables to Buyer (Carrier and such suppliers/contractors/sub-suppliers/subcontractors being together, the “Supply Chain”).

2 Buyer may, at any time during the term of the Contract, take any reasonable actions to monitor and audit Carrier’s compliance with its obligations under Article 1, including, without limitation, (i) by requiring Seller to provide details of the Supply Chain’s compliance systems; and (ii) by carrying out, with reasonable prior notice, inspections of the Supply Chain’s sites. Seller shall provide all reasonable assistance to Buyer.

3 If at any time, Buyer identifies, or reasonably suspects, non-compliance with or breach of the principles of Buyer’s Supplier Code of Conduct (“Non-Compliance”) by any member of the Supply Chain, Buyer shall notify Carrier of such Non-Compliance. Carrier shall provide all reasonable assistance to enable Buyer to investigate the Non-Compliance.

4 If a Non-Compliance in the Supply Chain is material (with regard to (i) the nature of the principle concerned, (ii) any potential effect on Buyer’s and its affiliates’ reputations, or (iii) the performance of the Contract) and/or is not able to be corrected, Buyer may terminate the Contract by written notice.

5 If a Non-Compliance in the Supply Chain is immaterial and is able to be corrected, Carrier shall be given a reasonable period within which the Non-Compliance shall be corrected. Carrier shall, without undue delay, submit a correction plan to Buyer. If upon the expiry of the correction period, the Non-Compliance has not been corrected, Buyer may terminate the Contract by written notice.

6 The rights and remedies in this Article 3 are not exclusive of and are without prejudice to any rights and remedies provided elsewhere in the Contract and by general law.”

 

END

 

Best regards

 

Just E. Sundt

Lightship Chartering - Oslo

Drammensveien 127

0277 - Oslo - Norway

 

Dir:   + 47 2141 8942

Mob: + 47 9016 3102

Mail: CHART.OSL@LIGHTSHIPCHARTERING.COM <mailto:CHART.OSL@LIGHTSHIPCHARTERING.COM>  

skype: justsundt

 

LIGHTSHIP CHARTERING (OSLO) A/S

COPENHAGEN  · GENEVA  · ATHENS · OSLO

 

 

