Lightship Chartering Chart OSL <chart.osl@lightshipchartering.com>
Ac Hydro: 6000mt Solid Pitch - Rizhao, China to Vila do Conde, Brasil - LC 01-07 May
FRM: LIGHTSHIP CHARTERING, OSLO,  WWW.LIGHTSHIPCHARTERING.COM

 

From Hydro Aluminium AS, Oslo - Norway

 

On behalf of Aluminio Brasileiro (Albras), Hydro is open and this afternoon ready to fix as follows: Please have your best offer sent in by COB Oslo Thursday 06 April 2017.

 

For any possible candidates, pls. provide full chain of control/ownership

 

*         Abt. 6,000 mt - 5 pct. more or less in charterer's option - dry pencil pitch in bulk          

*         Rizhao, China/Vila do Conde, Brasil

*         Lay/can: 01-07 May 2017

*         Target date for arrival VdC TBA: Direct shipment is imperative - please advise steaming days and best possible ETA VdC 

*         Albras prefers a geared vessel able to maintain high speed throughout the voyage. Please advise gear status and max realistic avg. speed for this shipment.

*         FIOT

*         Freight payable on intaken Bs/l quantity within 10 Brazilian banking days after signing Bill of lading

*         11 total ww days shinc for loading and discharging - local holidays excluded unless used, in which case only actual time used to count as lay time. Any time for loading before commencement of laytime not to count even if used.

*         Despatch to be paid at agreed demurrage rate for any working time saved both ends

*         Charterers' nominated agents both ends

 

- Nil adcom, ttl 1.25% Lightship Oslo  

 

Owners must read through and confirm they accept Hydro’s Supplier Code of Conduct attached.

 

Port agents Rizhao: 

 

High Ocean Shipping Agency Ltd. Rizhao 

PIC:MS Savy Cao 

M/P: 86 177 0633 1120

DIR: 86 633 8667731

FAX:86 633 8667730

E-mail: agency@highocean.com.cn

             agency@163.com <mailto:agency@163.com> 

Skype: sylvia-caoqun

Add: 6th Floor of Zhongrui Tower, No.119 Qinhuangdao Road,Rizhao,Shandong,P.R.China(Postcode:276826).

 

 

Port agents Vila Do Conde:

Serveporto - General Port Services, Vila do Conde

Operations Department

Phone: (55) 91 9156 0551/Mobile: 8801-8942

Phone/Fax: (55) 91 3754-0789

E-mail: serveporto@serveporto.com.br <mailto:serveporto@serveporto.com.br>  

 

Cargo stw factor abt. 0,7mt per cbm 

 

O'wise basis HYDROCHARTER 2017 (as attached) - subject further 

terms/details to be agreed upon. 

 

Hydro's:

-  OFAC

-  Freight beneficiary as well as 

-  Free obligation clauses

 

(as mentioned below) to form an integrated part of the C/P.

 

OFAC clause

Performing vessel(s) always to be in conformity with applicable United States law and United Nations proclamations prohibiting certain flags/ownership/management from participating in trade covered by this charter, including restrictions imposed by the US Treasury Department, Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the US Commerce Department, Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) ) and United Nations proclamations prohibiting certain flag/ownership/management from participating in trade covered by this charter. Owners responsible for all cost/consequences if in violation of this warranty.

 

Freight beneficiary of this charter party

If freight beneficiary is different than the owners/disponent owners of the vessel, then “written declaration/no objection letter” from head owners/disponent owners to be asked for charterers paying the freight to the nominated “freight beneficiary” in accordance with ofac clause which is as incorporated in the charter party.

 

Free of obligation

Owners guarantee the vessel is free from any obligation, encumbrance, claim or lien, of a financial nature or otherwise, that would interfere in any way with the vessel's performance of this voyage and/or the delivery of the cargo with the utmost despatch. In the event the vessel/ cargo is liened or arrested during the currency of this charter party (or after completion of discharge in respect of the cargo) the owners are to take immediate action to release vessel/cargo from any such lien or arrest and to remain fully responsible for the cost or damages caused as a result of any lien or arrest or interruption of the vessel’s performance under this charter party.                 

 

 

Pls. note the following regarding vessel spesification demands:

 

Performing vessel to be a modern doubleskinned singel decker or a minibulker with large hatches (basically without any major overhang view cargo is loaded into vessel from big bags)) and trimming plates without any visible frames, lashing points for containers or other obstacles (alternatively an open hatch box vessel of max 20 years of age).

 

Cargo to be unloaded either with pneumatic sucker or by grab in charterers/receivers option (normally a sucker operation in VdC).

 

No cargo to be loaded against engine room wall or in holds where fuel oil tanks to be heated - failing which owners to be responsible for all time 

and expenses relating to congealed/petrified cargo.

 

If making use of aft hold required and wall against engine room not properly isolated, the Owners to build a wooden artificial bulk head in order to prevent that the cargo 

does not lay against aft wall (i.e. against engine room). In case vessel is not equipped with proper bulk head(s). If a a separate wooden bulk head will be required, costs/time 

required to be for Owners account.   

 

Pls. offer suitable tonnage firm

 

 

HYDROCHARTER 2017

 

 

Dry pitch data sheet - all dets abt wog

 

 Best regards

 

Just E. Sundt

Lightship Chartering - Oslo

Drammensveien 127

0277 - Oslo - Norway

 

Dir:   + 47 2141 8942

Mob: + 47 9016 3102

Mail: CHART.OSL@LIGHTSHIPCHARTERING.COM <mailto:CHART.OSL@LIGHTSHIPCHARTERING.COM>  

skype: justsundt

 

LIGHTSHIP CHARTERING (OSLO) A/S

COPENHAGEN  · GENEVA  · ATHENS · OSLO

 

 

